add some notes for precommit hook (#158)
bcgov/jrcc-document-access-libs: README.md

To set up the hooks to work, please run the following command from the root of the repo:

`bash ./scripts/install-hooks.bash`

> Note: Make sure git cmd folder is added to the environment variable path. For GitKraken user, make sure "Path to sh.exe" is set in GitKraken. (File=>Preference=>General=>Path to sh.exe)

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Note: Make sure the git cmd folder is added to the environment variable path. For GitKraken use, make sure the "<path_to_sh.exe>" is set. `(File=>Preference=>General=><path_to_sh.exe>)`
```
